---
page_title: "chronicle_feed_amazon_sqs Resource - terraform-provider-chronicle"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a feed from Amazon Simple Queue Service.
---

# chronicle_feed_amazon_sqs (Resource)

Creates a feed from Amazon Simple Queue Service.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "chronicle_feed_amazon_sqs" "sqs" {
  display_name = "mys3feed"
  log_type     = "GITHUB"
  enabled      = false
  namespace    = "one"
  labels = {
    "env" = "one"
  }

  details {
    queue = "sqs"
    region = "EU_WEST_1"
    account_number = "111"
    source_delete_options = "SOURCE_DELETION_NEVER"
    authentication {
      sqs_access_key_id = "XXXXX"	
      sqs_secret_access_key = "XXXXX"

      s3_authentication {
        access_key_id = "XXXXX"	
        secret_access_key = "XXXXX"
      }
    }
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `details` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Each feed type has its own requirements for which this field must fulfil. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--details))
- `display_name` (String) Name to be displayed.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled specifies whether a feed is allowed to be executed.
- `log_type` (String) Log Type is a label which describes the nature of the data being ingested.

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) All of the events that result from this feed will have this label applied.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the feed will be associated with.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `feed_source_type` (String) Feed Source Type describes how data is collected.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `state` (String) State gives some insight into the current state of a feed.

<a id="nestedblock--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details`

Required:

- `account_number` (String) The account number for the SQS queue and S3 bucket.
- `authentication` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) AWS authentication details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--details--authentication))
- `queue` (String) The SQS queue name.
- `region` (String) The region where the S3 bucket resides following this format: https://cloud.google.com/chronicle/docs/reference/feed-management-api#amazon_s3_regions.
- `source_delete_options` (String) Whether to delete the source files in the S3 bucket after they have been transferred to Chronicle. This reduces storage costs. Valid values are:

				- SOURCE_DELETION_NEVER: Never delete files from the source.
				- SOURCE_DELETION_ON_SUCCESS: Delete files and empty directories from the source after successful ingestion.
				- SOURCE_DELETION_ON_SUCCESS_FILES_ONLY: Delete files from the source after successful ingestion.

<a id="nestedblock--details--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details.authentication`

Required:

- `sqs_access_key_id` (String) This is the 20 character ID associated with your Amazon IAM account.
- `sqs_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) This is the 40 character access key associated with your Amazon IAM account.

Optional:

- `s3_authentication` (Block List, Max: 1) S3 AWS authentication details. Only specify if using a different access key for the S3 bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--details--authentication--s3_authentication))

<a id="nestedblock--details--authentication--s3_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details.authentication.s3_authentication`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) This is the 20 character ID associated with your Amazon IAM account.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) This is the 40 character access key associated with your Amazon IAM account.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
