---
page_title: "chronicle_feed_qualys_vm Resource - terraform-provider-chronicle"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a feed from API source Type for Qualys VM log type.
---

# chronicle_feed_qualys_vm (Resource)

Creates a feed from API source Type for Qualys VM log type.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "chronicle_feed_qualys_vm" "feed" {
  display_name = "qualysvmfeed"
  enabled      = false
  namespace    = "one"
  labels = {
    "env" = "one"
  }
  details {
    hostname = "qualysapi.qualys.com/api/2.0/fo/asset/host/?action=list"
    authentication {
      user   = "XXXXX"
      secret = "XXXX"
    }
  }

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `details` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Each feed type has its own requirements for which this field must fulfil. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--details))
- `display_name` (String) Name to be displayed.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled specifies whether a feed is allowed to be executed.

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) All of the events that result from this feed will have this label applied.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace the feed will be associated with.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `feed_source_type` (String) Feed Source Type describes how data is collected.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `log_type` (String) Log Type is a label which describes the nature of the data being ingested.
- `state` (String) State gives some insight into the current state of a feed.

<a id="nestedblock--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details`

Required:

- `authentication` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) AWS authentication details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--details--authentication))
- `hostname` (String) Qualys VM hostname.

<a id="nestedblock--details--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `details.authentication`

Required:

- `secret` (String, Sensitive) Password.
- `user` (String) Username.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
